DOCS-780: Add bounding box labels (#1424)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/manage/ml/train-model.md

# SME: Aaron Casas
---

> You can tag [images collected](../../../services/data/configure-data-capture/) by robots and use the annotaded data to train a **Single Label Classification Model**, **Multi Label Classification Model** or **Object Detection Model** within Viam.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can label or add bounding boxes to [images collected](../../../services/data/configure-data-capture/) by robots and use the annotated data to train a **Single Label Classification Model**, **Multi Label Classification Model** or **Object Detection Model** within Viam.
```

{{<youtube embed_url="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/CP14LR0Pq64">}}

## Train a model

> After [labeling your images](/manage/data/label/), click on the **TRAIN MODEL** button in the top right corner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After [annotating your images](/manage/data/label/), click on the **TRAIN MODEL** button in the top right corner.
```

![Train model button](../img/train-model.png)

A **Training** side menu opens.
The model will train on all images that are part of the current filter.

{{< alert title="Note" color="note" >}}

> Datasets are views, not materialized.

Reviewer 2: See opt comment above

![Train model button](../img/train-model.png)

A **Training** side menu opens.
The model that you configure to be training will train on all images that are part of the current filter.

{{< alert title="Note" color="note" >}}
Datasets are views, not materialized.
If the underlying data matching the filter changes because data is deleted or more data is added, the dataset will also change.

Therefore the data you are viewing may change as you label and train on the dataset.
{{< /alert >}}

1. Select **New Model**.
2. Specify a **Model Name**.
3. Select a **Model Type**:
    - **Single Label Classification**: predicts one label per image
    - **Multi Label Classification**: predicts multiple labels per image
    - **Object Detection**: predicts a label and location for an object in an image
4. Select one or more labels to train on.
    For classification models, the selected labels will be the possible tags the model predicts for a given image:
     - If you selected **Single Label**, the model can predict one of these labels or `UNKNOWN`.
     - If you selected **Multi Label**, the model can predict one or more labels for each image.

>     For object detection models, the model will return detected objects along with their bounding boxes.

Author: ```suggestion
    For object detection models, the model will return either no detected objects or any number of objects' labels and their locations within the image.
```

{{<youtube embed_url="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/CP14LR0Pq64">}}

> ## Label a dataset

Reviewer: Above, the sentence that starts with "You can tag images collected.." should say "use the annotated data to train a **Single Label Classification Model**, **Multi Label Classification Model**, or **Object Detection Model** "

After [labeling your images](/manage/data/label/), click on the **TRAIN MODEL** button in the top right corner.

![Train model button](../img/train-model.png)

A **Training** side menu opens.

> The model that you configure to be training will train on all images that are part of the current filter.

Reviewer 2: [nit] Sentence is kinda awk but I don't have the requisite knowledge to provide a good suggestion. Fine if there isn't a better way.

Author: ```suggestion
The model will train on all images that are part of the current filter.
```

> {{< alert title="Important" color="note" >}}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{{< alert title="Note" color="note" >}}
```
(see above)

Therefore the data you are viewing may change as you label and train on the dataset.
{{< /alert >}}

1. Select **New Model**.
2. Specify a **Model Name**.
3. Select a **Model Type**:
    - **Single Label Classification**: predicts one label per image
    - **Multi Label Classification**: predicts multiple labels per image

>     - **Object Detection**: identifies an object in an image

Reviewer: Maybe Object Detection: predicts an objects' label and location within an image

Author: ```suggestion
    - **Object Detection**: predicts a label and location for an object in an image
```

4. Select one or more labels to train on.
    For classification models, the selected labels will be the possible tags the model predicts for a given image:
     - If you selected **Single Label**, the model can predict one of these labels or `UNKNOWN`.
     - If you selected **Multi Label**, the model can predict one or more labels for each image.

>     For object detection models, the model will return detected objects along with their bounding boxes.

Reviewer: Maybe will return either no detected objects or any number of objects' labels and their locations within the image?

Reviewer: Also,  I think it would be "If you selected **Single Label Classification**",  "If you selected **Multi Label Classification**" or "If you selected **Object Detection**" for consistency and to match what's currently in the dropdown
